Clarify async scenarios and deadlocks (#2112)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/winforms/forms/events.md

## Async event handlers

Modern applications often need to perform asynchronous operations in response to user actions, such as downloading data from a web service or accessing files. Windows Forms event handlers can be declared as `async` methods to support these scenarios, but there are important considerations to avoid common pitfalls.

### Basic async event handler pattern

Event handlers can be declared with the `async` (`Async` in Visual Basic) modifier and use `await` (`Await` in Visual Basic) for asynchronous operations. Since event handlers must return `void` (or be declared as a `Sub` in Visual Basic), they are one of the rare acceptable uses of `async void` (or `Async Sub` in Visual Basic):

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/events/cs/AsyncEventHandlers.cs" id="snippet_BasicAsyncEventHandler":::
:::code language="vb" source="snippets/events/vb/AsyncEventHandlers.vb" id="snippet_BasicAsyncEventHandler":::

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > While `async void` is generally discouraged, it's necessary for event handlers since they cannot return `Task`. Always wrap awaited operations in `try-catch` blocks to handle exceptions properly, as shown in the example above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> While `async void` is generally discouraged, it's the accepted pattern for event handler and event handler-like methods (when overriding one of the _event-raising_ methods, like `OnClick`). Make sure, though, to always wrap awaited operations in `try-catch` blocks to handle exceptions properly, as shown in the example above.
```
